Update 01-software-modeling.Rmd (#115)
tidymodels/TMwR: 01-software-modeling.Rmd

### Inferential models {-}

The goal of an inferential model is to produce a decision for a research question or to test a specific hypothesis. The goal is to make some statement of truth regarding a predefined conjecture or idea. In many (but not all) cases, a qualitative statement is produced (e.g., a difference was "statistically significant").

> For example, in a clinical trial, the goal might be to provide confirmation that a new therapy does a better job in prolonging life than an alternative, like an existing therapy or no treatment. If the clinical endpoint was related to survival of a patient, the _null hypothesis_ might be that the two therapeutic groups have equal median survival times with the alternative hypothesis being that the new therapy has higher median survival.  If this trial were evaluated using traditional null hypothesis significance testing, a p-value would be produced using some pre-defined methodology based on a set of assumptions for the data. Small values of the p-value indicate that there is evidence that the new therapy does help patients live longer. Large values of the p-value would conclude that there is a failure to show such a difference, which could be due to a number of reasons. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a clinical trial might have a goal to provide confirmation that a new therapy does a better job in prolonging life than an alternative, like an existing therapy or no treatment at all. If the clinical endpoint was related to survival of a patient, the _null hypothesis_ might be that the two therapeutic groups have equal median survival times, with the _alternative hypothesis_ being that the new therapy has higher median survival.  If this trial were evaluated using traditional null hypothesis significance testing, a p-value would be produced from that significance testing using some pre-defined methodology based on a set of assumptions for the data. Small values for the p-value in the results would indicate that there is evidence that the new therapy helps patients live longer. Large values for the p-value in the results would conclude that there is a failure to show such a difference, which could be due to a number of reasons. 
```
